Improve documentation for submitting project proposal (#178)
OpenRailAssociation/technical-committee: project-proposals/stage-1/stage-1-questionnaire.md

# Questionnaire for projects intending to join the OpenRail Association

> \*As a project intending to join the OpenRail Association, please:

Reviewer: The `*` were used to make the text italic. This doesn't work over multiple paragraphs. With the `\` you are escaping this, making it appear as a raw asterisk. This probably isn't intended.

Author: Yes indeed, my editor escaped the * for no reason at all. I'll fix it

- create your fork of this repository
- create a copy of this questionnaire and rename it to your project name
- answer the questions
- commit to a new branch in your fork, name it new-project-[project name]
- initiate a pull request from your new branch to this repository

> - inform the technical committee by email: peter.a.keller@sbb.ch, cornelius.schumacher@deutschebahn.com, loic.hamelin@reseau.sncf.fr
> 
> Also see the doucmentation in [incubation process](../../incubation-process.md) for details about criteria and requirements for new projects and how it works to get new projects into the association.\*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- inform the technical committee by email: technical-committee@openrailassociation.org

Also see the documentation in [incubation process](../../incubation-process.md) for details about criteria and requirements for new projects and how it works to get new projects into the association.\*
```

Author: Perfect! I was looking for that email address
